Hello, it’s not that I am really big.
You speak up.
You must find a good family when you come to Laisheng.
Find a good man who can protect you.
No, brother, you haven’t gone anywhere?
I'll like it if you take a good rest.
No, brother, are you going to review the show?
Didn't Bujia already send people to stop the review?
Children who don't want to review the play will be fine.
Besides, if the children who are reviewing the opera are gone,
I can also give birth to children for you in the future.
Please brother, don’t you want to regret the baby?
He is saying that you care about studying and living.
Prosecutor, how can provincial Xi compare with you?
Did you notice that I'm not going anywhere?
Please brother, I will know
Your feelings for Tian Tian have never changed, right?
Yes, Jiangwan is not Tiandian at all.